Every moment of every day, people all over the world turn to Panasonic to make their lives simpler, more enjoyable, more productive and more secure. Since our founding almost a century ago, we’ve been committed to improving peoples’ lives and making the world a better place–one customer, one business, one innovative leap at a time. Come join our journey. 

What You’ll Get to Do:
The Data Analyst Intern supports IT activities and projects as a team member under the instruction of an IT team leader or manager. The Data Analyst Intern is responsible for reviewing and understanding the data requirements needed to fulfill management reporting requirements. The Data Analyst Inter has the analytical skills to associate, those reporting requirements, with the appropriate back end systems data elements. Working closely with other team members (end users and IT members) to identify the eventual data sources and data fields for satisfying the reporting requirements. The Data Analyst contributes to the identification of the source systems and the specific mapping to the data fields. The Data Analyst Intern is responsible for documenting the user business requirements and the on-going technical documentation associated with the data sourcing/data mapping activities. 

Business User Requirements and Business Processes Assists with the facilitation of business and functional requirements Assists the IT team in the gathering and analysis of user requirements thru workshops and user communications Documents the end-state business requirements for the data element requirements, formulas, report layouts etc. Assists in the interpretation of user requirements into system solutions Perform business process analysis and documents the business process where applicable 

Analysis Assists in the analysis to determine the data elements, system sources & data mapping for meeting the end-state Analyzes data to develop trends, relationships, aberrations, deviations and other data conditions Analyzes data for developing the solution design for fulfilling the end-state requirements Develops visual data out-put models of the data content, in the form of various charts and graphs 

Documentation Documents the data analysis process along with the data elements, data relationships, data sourcing & mapping Documents the process design solution for fulfilling the end-state requirements Documents meeting minutes and discussions topics Maintain project issues log and exceptional conditions requiring user and IT follow-up 

Analytical Skills Analytical Thinker: Work with internal and external data and figures for the purpose of developing conclusions. Communication: Present findings, or translate the data into an understandable document. Clear written and speaking communicating skills for explaining complex ideas. Critical Thinking: Analyze data to develop trends and relationships coming to new conclusions Attention to Detail: Assess data quality, assuring vigilance in the analysis to come to correct conclusions. Math Skills: Strong mathematical skills for developing trends and relationships Follows Direction: Follows departmental methodologies & practices however can work independently for completing tasks assigned by the project leader/supervisor 

What You’ll Bring 

Education & Experience : College undergraduate or graduate student matriculated in an active college/university Required major in one of the following: Business, Mathematics, Computer Science or Information Technology Junior or Senior class member preferred 

Competencies : Identify, research problems Determine logical solutions by leveraging expertise and experience Use broad analytical thinking Be creative and innovative 

Communications :
Regular communications with all levels of PISCA and end users 
The ability to influence the team and peers with your analysis results 

Other Requirements :Travel none What We Offer:
Family like environment with an entrepreneurial spirit 

Collaborative culture that thrives on innovation and new ideas 

Rewards and recognition for great achievements 

Growth opportunities for career development 

Flexible work arrangements to help balance life and work 

Competitive benefits and compensation package 

Panasonic is proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer . All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by law or company policy. All qualified individuals are required to perform the essential functions of the job with or without reasonable accommodation. Pre-employment drug testing is required for safety sensitive positions or as may otherwise be required by contract or law. Due to the high volume of responses, we will only be able to respond to candidates of interest. All candidates must have valid authorization to work in the U.S. Thank you for your interest in Panasonic Corporation of North America.